User Stories

I - Independent
N - Negotialble
V - Valuable
E - Estimable
S - Small
T - Testable


Chapter 5 Requirement and User Stories

PBI's (Placeholder for requirment)

Timely conversation
Progressive Refinement

User Stories
	- Coversation - Built using lot of conversation which refine it eventually
	- Confirmation - Acceptance criteria and tests
	- Level of details - Epics -> user stories, 

Epics takes months 
features takes weeks longer than sprint
Stories takes weeks and are that small that can be included in a sprint

Not all user stories are independent or negotiable, but they must be valuable
I - goal is not to eliminate but to reduce interdependencies
N - should be about what and why not how
V - Not be technical
E - Not be ambigouis and must be estimable
S - Small enought complete in one sprint
T - either pass or fail

We also employ a strategy of progressively refining larger, less detailed stories into smaller, more detailed stories in a just-in-time fashion.


If very technical product owner will not be able to understand it and prioritize it.
business value of any technical story has to be justifiable to the prod- uct owner. Because product owners think in economic terms, there needs to be an economic justification for doing this prototyping work


Chapter 6 Product Backlog - DEEP

PBI
	- Defect
	- Features
	- Technical Work
	- Knowledge Acquisition

DEEP
	D - Detailed Appropriately
	E - Emergent - constantly emerging, product owner must rebal- ance and reprioritize the product backlog, taking the new information into account
	E - Estimated
	P - Prioritized

Grooming - creating and refining (adding details to) PBIs, estimating PBIs, and prioritizing PBIs.
Product owner take help from stake holder and development team to do grooming.


Because items near the top of the backlog are smaller and more detailed, they will have smaller, more accurate size estimates
It is useful to prioritize the near-term items that are destined for the next few sprints. Perhaps it is valuable to prioritize as far down in the backlog as we think we can get in Release 1.

Product Owner 
the product owner is the person who represents the customers or users wants and desires (goals and visions). The product owner is usually a key individual who may in many instances control the funding for the project to be developed, or if he or she doesn’t control funding, is responsible to those who do for delivering their visions in a way their return on investment is maximized.
a product owner is the leader responsible for maximizing the value of the products created by a scrum development team.
But to do this, an agile product owner takes on several roles, including business strategist, product designer, market analyst, customer liaison, and project manager.
Roles and Responsibilities
	- Defining Vision
	- Managing Product Backlog and Prioritizing it 
	- Prioritizing needs
	- Overseeing development stages
	- Anticipating Client Needs
